[light music]
[beeps]
[light music continues playing]
IHWA ATM NEW PRODUCT
MODEL NAME: WIAQ8521
The 2022 automatic teller machine
from Ihwa
offers unparalleled protection
and solves a serious problem.
I can't wait to show you all.
But before I do, please allow me
to share a presentation
that you may find a bit unsettling
to watch, but it is important.
I gave you a warning.
This may hurt.
[Du-yong] You've seen this article
everywhere, right?
"Bold bank clerk embezzled a billion won
in cash by manipulating ATM."
"Continuous insider embezzlement."
"Discovery of banker responsible
leads to other banks' hasty inspection."
A total of 42 ATMs were implicated
in these embezzlements, just this year.
The articles here clearly state,
"It is due to the negligence
of the managers.
The system
in which they inspect is flawed."
But you all know the truth.
If someone is determined to cheat,
how could you not fall for it?
It's simply impossible to know
what goes on inside someone's head.
And that is where we come in.
Ihwa ATM's here to solve these problems.
This is the inside of an ATM machine,
which all the bank clerks
have seen before.
This here is the cassette,
where the cash is loaded in.
If the clerk loads a cassette
with 50 million won,
but records only 100 million,
would we know?
Of course not.
We'll be fooled without even knowing.
And so, Ihwa ATM thought, "Well,
let's create an innovative cassette."
Let's create an honest cassette
wherein lies and tricks
don't stand a chance.
A bill's weight is always the same.
Well, unless it's ripped
or severely damaged,
it's similar in weight.
We at Ihwa ATM have concentrated on that.
Now, the employee,
not only has to record the amount of bills
into the system after refill,
but also, they have
to enter it here, as well.
If the employee in charge records
and they loaded 300 bills into the system…
but only puts in 299,
you see the red light come on?
Also, the actual cassette opening
doesn't lock.
It's because it's an honest cassette.
It confirms the correct amount
from the weight of the bills.
Its accuracy doesn't even allow
for the miscount of a single bill.
Isn't that the same thing from before?
Is that the protection you mentioned?
That's right.
It is our new product using
Ihwa's proprietary tech.
Geumgang used it, too, didn't they?
What?
They had this feature at Leaders as well.
You do know the model was recalled
last year, don't you?
Their cassettes over there had this too.
[scoffs]
No, but this technology is ours alone.
We developed it about two years ago
and applied for the model utility rights.
"Model utility rights"?
Ah, so like a patent, right?
Well, yes.
This isn't technology
that is up to be patented,
but we worked very hard
in its development.
The tech will be enough
to get the model utility rights.
I don't know.
Maybe the technology was leaked?
You should probably look into that, sir,
to see whether or not another company
stole what Ihwa developed.
Um…
Yes.
[awkward chuckle]
I'll follow up on that.
To tell you the truth,
our only concern is the overhead.
Whether copied or not,
the same tech is also used
in Geumgang's ATMs, and they're cheaper.
It's a pretty easy call,
they'll get the contract.
[awkward chuckle]
I see.
[man] We're really not interested in who
originally came up with this technology.
CASE 5
WILD CARD VS TACTICIAN
[man] Hello.
-[woman] Hello.
-[Su-yeon] Hello.
Attorney Woo, did you eat?
Ah, Su-yeon. I did.
Ah. Did Attorney Kwon tell you
you're on a case together?
Huh?
[sighs]
He didn't speak with you yet?
I knew this would happen.
The ATM company case.
You've been assigned to it
with Attorney Kwon.
What?
Right before Attorney Jung
was gonna call and tell you about it,
Attorney Kwon stopped him and said,
"I would love to tell her myself."
I had my suspicions,
but he really didn't tell you.
[Young-woo grunts]
[Young-woo] Mm.
My friend who went to Hana University
with Attorney Kwon,
she told me his nickname.
Can you guess what they called him
in law school?
-What?
-They called him "Tactician Min-woo."
"Called him 'Tactician Min-woo.'"
Watch out, all right?
Looks like he's already started.
Beware of the tactics of Min-woo.
-You think so?
-Think about it.
Why else wouldn't he have shared with you
that you two are working together?
[gasps]
[knocking on door]
Come in.
Attorney Kwon.
Why didn't you tell me
that we were on a case together?
Oh, I didn't tell you?
No, you did not tell me.
I'm sorry. I must've forgotten it.
So, this case,
there's a lot to look at in terms
of the structure of ATM machines.
But, um, for you,
this will be simple, right?
Since you're a genius.
-Here.
-[grunts]
Oh, yeah, did I tell you?
-We're meeting with the client today.
-What?
Uh, two o'clock.
[sighs]
It slipped my mind again.
[gasps, grunts]
Did you look at the materials?
Uh, yeah. There were some new terms
which made it difficult,
-but I managed to go over it all once.
-[Atty. Jung] Okay, let's go in.
-[Atty. Jung] Good afternoon.
-Good afternoon.
I'm Attorney Jung Myeong-seok,
and I'll be handling your case.
Hello. I am Woo Young-woo.
Whether it's read straight or flipped,
-it's Woo Young-woo.
-[Min-woo] Attorney Woo Young-woo.
And I'm Kwon Min-woo.
-Kayak, deed, rotator, noon, racecar.
-[Du-yong] Ah, right.
I'm Hwang Du-yong. I've reached out.
[Atty. Jung] Great to meet you.
Please have a seat.
[Du-yong] Right.
Uh, before we start,
I brought some mulberry juice.
They're from a farm in Yanggu.
Freshly-picked mulberries.
Oh, wow. It's been a while
since I heard of Yanggu.
I did my military training there.
Is that so? That's where I went.
Oh, were you at Baekdusan unit as well?
Baekdusan.
[laughs]
Attention!
Salute!
[Du-yong] Gosh, you must have shoveled
a whole lot of snow.
Guns and knives may rust,
-but the shovel still shines!
-But the shovel still shines!
[Du-yong and Min-woo laugh]
Attorney Jung,
tell me where did you serve.
Uh, I was stationed at the Chilseong unit.
United we can!
[Du-yong] A brand name.
You're from one of the famous infantries.
I'm from the Seventh Infantry,
where only people
who committed the seven sins
in their past lives can get in.
Ah, interesting. This gentleman,
I wonder where he served at.
I bet you're a marine.
Uh, no, I'm not.
[chuckles]
Yes. Well, it's nice to meet everyone.
Ah, we should be drinking to this.
Seeing as we can't,
why not toast with juice?
[Atty. Jung] Oh, should we?
Yeah, sounds good.
[Du-yong] To your kind cooperation.
To your kind cooperation!
[glasses clink]
[Atty. Jung] Mm.
-[Du-yong] Good, right?
-[Atty. Jung] Yeah, wow.
[sighs]
Okay. All right, then, let's begin.
Your request is to file for a sales
ban injunction against Geumgang ATM?
Yes. Ihwa ATM and Geumgang ATM are the…
Hanbada Law Firm
and Taesan Law Firm of the ATM industry.
So, very close competition,
fated to be rivals?
Yes, it's… Yes, it's so close
that you can't really choose one.
The ocean or land?
Something sweet or savory?
Pour the sauce or dip it?
Blue whales or humpback whales?
Uh…
[whale singing]
Anyway, that's how it is.
For Ihwa and Geumgang.
And there was a new player, Leaders ATM,
but they had a blunder last year,
and they closed for good shortly after.
Ah, I love these kinds of stories.
[Min-woo] Go on.
Yeah, well, I really want
those Geumgang jerks
to learn their lessons this time.
Because, really,
they shouldn't be sneaking around,
taking the technology
that we worked so hard and…
and so tirelessly to develop,
you know what I mean?
They've done this a few times already.
Including this cassette.
Ah, that sounds awful.
Young-woo, what's a cassette?
Uh…
[sighs]
I can explain the cassette.
Uh, allow me.
It's the container
where cash is put, right?
With a metal handle on the front?
I made sure to do my homework
before our meeting.
Ah, well done. I'll remember this name.
Attorney Kwon Min-woo. Wow.
[quirky music]
Anyway, the cassette was developed by us,
and we applied
for its model utility rights.
Um, you've only applied
for the model utility rights,
so it hasn't been registered?
No, there were lots of procedures
with the evaluation after the application.
I didn't see a whole lot
in the utility rights in the application.
Is there more info you could share?
Uh, of course. I'll send you all I have
up to this point.
Well, I'd sure appreciate it
if you'd send them
to the contact info on my card.
[Du-yong] Yes, will do.
I came in today
thinking that it would probably
only be a brief introduction
with you guys.
Mind if we end here for now?
Oh, no, of course, we don't mind.
Yes, yes. Well, then.
I look forward to working with you.
Oh, and, thank you for the juice.
Nice to meet you.
[chuckles]
Okay, take care.
-Thank you. You too.
-I will.
Uh, like I said before,
the two of you
are going to be leading this case.
Attorney Woo and Attorney Kwon.
I'll just be mentoring on the side.
-Got it.
There are a lot of unfamiliar terms.
Get to know the materials thoroughly.
The model utility rights
for the cassette are key to this case.
You should've been aware
of what a cassette is.
Uh…
-Yes, I should have.
-This can't happen again, Young-woo.
-[Atty. Jung] Okay. All right.
-Oh.
Here you are.
-Thanks. See you.
-[Min-woo] Bye.
I didn't get to see
the case materials beforehand.
Please share them with me
without forgetting next time around.
Mm-hmm. No, thanks.
Huh?
Why should I share materials
with the competition?
Hanbada and Taesan, Ihwa and Geumgang
aren't the only ones at odds here.
We are too, you know.
You and I are both here
on a one-year contract.
And we need good performance reviews
to have our contracts renewed.
Every single move, every case,
they're all evaluated.
But I suppose you're not really interested
in getting your contract renewed.
With the unapproved absences you've taken.
That's…
I am interested in getting
my contract renewed.
Mm-hmm.
Then you and I are competing.
But it seems as if I'm winning this time.
What?
There.
[Min-woo] From the looks of it,
seems like you won't be getting
the next batch of materials either.
Obligor's attorney,
you submitted additional material today?
Yes, Your Honor.
We have materials that will clearly show
the model utility rights application
was in bad faith.
Could you please look at the screen?
EVIDENCE TO SUBSTANTIATE
IHWA ATM'S CLAIMS AS FALSE
In October 2020,
Ihwa ATM applied for model utility rights
for a security device for the cassettes
in automatic teller machines.
However, this tech
was plagiarized.
[U-seong] In the United States,
an exhibition called
the Chicago International Engineering Fair
is held every April.
The latest ATM technology
was introduced there.
So, it's well-known
among ATM companies in Korea as well.
Your Honor.
Please compare the two designs
presented on the screen.
On the right is a design
by an American company
at the exhibition back in 2019.
And on the left
is a design Ihwa ATM is arguing
to have developed on their own in 2020.
The American company made
this technology public as an open-source.
They did it so that anyone can freely use
and modify it without any restrictions.
However, Ihwa ATM
took this technology and pretended
that they developed it themselves,
and applied for its model utility rights
so the other companies
can't make use of it.
Hmm. They did not take
the American company's design as is!
At first glance,
the two designs look similar,
but there is a clear difference.
The security device on Ihwa ATM's cassette
has a significantly more segmented sensor
for measuring the weight of the bills
than the Americans'.
It wasn't that they copied
the technology made public as is,
but they developed it
by adding new features.
Therefore, grounds to apply
for model utility rights…
they may not be enough.
Though we do have grounds.
You have to be kidding me.
That level of segmentation is common.
Unlike the United States,
the bills in Korea vary in size,
they've modified the cartridge
to fit to different sizes.
That's why segmentation is done.
If they wanted the model utility rights
because of a little tech they applied,
their company operates with no soul!
When the main technology
was developed by the Americans!
How can you say we have no soul?
I swear to you, neither myself or anyone
from our company
went to the Chicago exhibition!
[Du-yong] This is the first time
I'm hearing anything
even slightly resembling that notion!
Geumgang ATM first made
their cassette security device in 2021.
Meanwhile, Ihwa ATM already applied
for model utility rights back in 2020.
The obligor claims
that they made used of the Americans'
open-source technology,
truth is, they copied the tech from Ihwa.
Why would I? If you're going to argue
when it was produced,
Leaders is the original.
Leaders ATM made theirs
as soon as their exhibition was over.
Way back in 2019!
Just look at the Leaders' product.
Ihwa's is an exact replica.
[judge] Is that so?
Can you back up your accusation?
Can you supply evidence?
[U-seong] Your Honor,
we have an ongoing attempt
to find the evidence.
Unfortunately, Leaders ATM
has gone out of business.
This happened last year
after all their products
were recalled due to defects,
so there aren't any
Leaders products anymore.
[sighs]
It is difficult to rule
on whether or not this technology
was solely developed by Ihwa ATM
or a slight variation of the technology
that's already been released
based on these materials.
The Korean Intellectual Property Office
evaluation for the rights
haven't come out, so it's even harder.
Will there be any other material?
Ah. Your Honor.
In order for us to defend the novelty
of the rights application by Ihwa ATM,
we also need some time
to put together the materials.
Yes, I agree.
Then we'll schedule a date
for further questions.
Court is adjourned.
All rise.
[mellow music]
-Thanks for the effort.
-Of course.
Is the claim Geumgang ATM made accurate?
Huh?
[phone buzzes]
Uh, I have to take this call.
Uh, okay.
I have other plans,
so I'm gonna take off, all right?
-You wrap things up here.
-Yes, all right.
I'm headed out, too. I have a lot to do.
What?
Don't we need to verify the facts
with the client first?
We can only verify the facts
if he tells us the truth.
So do you think that Mr. Hwang Du-yong
isn't being truthful with us?
I'm not sure.
It could be that Geumgang
is committing fraud.
Isn't everyone in business like that?
The direction of the defense
lies completely on whether or not Ihwa
developed the technology themselves.
We have to find out what the facts are.
That's great.
Why don't you go and find out?
And I'll do my own thing.
But never interrogate clients
for the facts
like you were just doing, all right?
Or we'll be canned together.
What?
[scoffs]
We are employed by the client.
Client employee.
It seems to me like
you never solve the case quietly, do you?
Ugh.
Like when you were removed from the case
for upsetting the head
of Sangjeong Pharmaceutical.
You're more like Wild Card Young-woo.
Wi… Wi…
[gasps]
"Wild Card Young-woo"?
Yeah.
You…
You're Tactician Kwon Min-woo!
[suspenseful music]
Ta… What… I'm…
What did you say?
[Jin-jong] Do you even have a conscience?
[Du-yong] Listen, I told you,
we never went there!
Stop lying already!
What Korean ATM company
has never gone to the Chicago exhibition?
Everytime new tech was presented there,
everyone copied it!
Geumgang may have done that,
but Ihwa is respectable!
Employees on our Development Team
all came together
and toiled for years to make it.
Is it not enough
that you stole this technology?
Why rebuff other people's hard work too?
"Hard work"? What hard work?
-Look.
-[Jin-jong] The hard work of playing dirty
-to drive another company…
-Can you tell which one of them
-is not telling the truth?
-…out of business?
[Du-yong] Why do you keep
disrespecting me, old man?
You think 'cause you're CEO
you can just talk to me like that?
[Jin-jong] What?
"Old man"?
-"Old man"?
-That's me being nice.
You want me to say
what's really in my mind to you?
-[Jin-jong] Yeah, go ahead! Do it!
-You can't, can you?
So why bother asking
when you can't even tell
which one of them is lying?
[Du-yong] …is supposed to be the law, huh?
Well, I'll tell you this.
We won't lower our standards
like you and your people.
[Jin-jong] You have standards?
That's right! We put in hours
of backbreaking hard work
and we will get the model utility rights
because we deserve them!
So Geumgang should stop
trying to piggyback
on other people's hard work and…
Cham, cham, cham!
[clatters]
[Geu-ra-mi grunts]
Cham, cham, cham!
[sighs]
[clanks]
Cham, cham, cham!
Hey! Why are you so good? It's not fair.
Is there really a connection
between being good at Cham Cham Cham
and differentiating
between true and false?
[scoffs]
Hey.
Are you doubting my training method?
What do those books say?
THE DEFINITIVE BOOK OF BODY LANGUAGE
DIGGING UP LIES
[Young-woo] Hmm…
If a person is lying, their body releases
a chemical called "catecholamine."
Which causes the membrane
and the nose to swell.
Pinocchio was actually a story
that was based on facts.
And when a person lies,
their blood pressure rises
and stimulates the nose,
right at the tip, making it feel itchy.
[groans]
Hearing that is making my nose
get all itchy.
Was I being truthful or not?
-Mm.
-Hey.
What kind of person's nose grows
then suddenly gets super itchy
just 'cause they lie to someone?
I've never seen that in my life,
stick to Cham Cham Cham, you'll be okay.
Right here.
Look straight into their eyeballs.
Looking into their eyeballs
is really hard for someone
who is autistic.
Oh. Right.
Then look between their eyebrows.
Stare right into their third eye.
[quirky music]
The area of truth.
You will then get a sudden suspicion.
And if what they're communicating is true,
cham, cham, cham,
you'll know that it's true.
If they're lying, a terrible, awful
feeling of lie, lie, lie will come to you.
You got it?
-Mm-hmm.
-Good!
I'll guess first. You test me on anything
that comes to mind.
Hmm…
I don't want to lose
against Attorney Kwon Min-woo.
Kwon Min-woo?
-The cute one?
-What?
No, not Jun-ho. Min-woo.
Yeah. I know who I'm talking about.
The good-looking guy.
Hmm…
So, what about Min-woo?
Well, it's just that,
he and I are working on this case.
[grunts]
Attorney Kwon is…
Attorney Kwon is?
A real jerk.
That's true.
You really want to beat Attorney Kwon
right now.
Mm, I do.
Okay, it's your turn now.
Remember, Cham Cham Cham will guide you.
"Remember, Cham Cham Cham will guide you."
Mm, are you ready?
Mm.
Lee Jun-ho,
he likes…
Woo Young-woo.
Hmm? Hmm. What are you doing?
You're supposed to guess.
I know the answer already.
How would you know the answer?
[sighs]
Didn't you two go
to Nakjo Village together?
Nakjo Village?
We did.
Now.
Lee Jun-ho likes Woo Young-woo…
a lot.
The truth…
or a lie?
[grunts]
Hey.
[Min-woo grunts]
[phone chimes]
-Give me a sec.
-Yeah, go ahead.
[chiming continues]
[sighs]
Yes, Attorney Jang.
No, no. Uh, just playing basketball.
Attorney Woo?
[Min-woo] Yes. Yes, I know.
We're on this case together.
You know she has a handicap,
though, right?
Yes, unfortunately, there are some things
I have to handle.
Uh, no, it's no trouble.
There's people who make time
for volunteer work, right?
It's the least I can do. Isn't it?
[Min-woo chuckles]
Yes. Yes, all right.
Let's grab dinner soon, all right?
Sounds good. Salute!
[rock music]
All right, let's go.
My turn or yours?
[grunts]
Okay. You first?
Okay.
[grunts]
[groans]
[Min-woo grunts]
Oh, man, what the hell?
Hey!
Come on, bro. What about fair play?
What? Fair play?
Don't talk to me about fair play.
Jeez, what's your problem, man?
You were freaking winning.
[Min-woo groans]
-[Gwang-ho] All right, there you go.
-[man 1] Oh, thank you.
-[Gwang-ho] Of course, enjoy.
-[man 2] Excuse me,
I haven't gotten my cheese gimbap yet.
Oh, yes. Right away, sir.
Just a moment, please.
Welcome.
What kind of gimbap costs 3,500, 4,000?
Expensive, don't you think?
Yeah, it's the economy.
Cost of ingredients
have gone through the roof.
It doesn't matter
how much things cost for you.
Gimbap is still gimbap.
[woman 1] My lord, that's expensive.
-Hurry and clear this table for me.
-[Gwang-ho] Oh, sure.
-[woman 2] That was delicious. Thank you.
-[Gwang-ho] Thank you. Take care.
[tinkles]
[quirky music]
Did you think that lady just now
was a rude customer?
-What?
-What did she say?
Huh? Did you just say I'm a rude customer?
Please answer me.
Then I'll guess if it's true.
I just said it's expensive
because it is expensive.
[woman 1] How dare you?
Now you've just ruined my good mood.
Apologies, I'm sorry. So sorry.
Who's this anyway? Is this your daughter?
You allow your daughter
to badmouth customers?
Oh, no…
That's not my daughter.
Okay, Miss, you should go.
Okay?
Mm?
Yes, sir.
Goodbye.
Someone on the litigation team
was a former detective.
And he would always say to me,
"The most honest part of the human body
is the leg, and after that, the hand."
The leg? And after that…
-the hand?
-Yeah.
The farther it is from the head,
the harder it is to keep it under control.
You know, you can fake
a facial expression,
but it's harder for people to control
shaky legs or sweaty palms.
And what else?
Ah, if someone's sitting like
they're ready to bolt out of the room,
or if they have their arms stuck
to their body,
like they're strapped to the chair, right?
Or, uh, if they keep rubbing
their thighs with their hands.
He said those things
could be signs that the person is lying.
Mm. Though Geu-ra-mi told me
to look in between the eyes.
That detective said the legs and hands
are the most important.
Ultimately, I have to watch
the whole body?
This is quite difficult.
Why not just have a casual conversation?
Try trusting your instincts.
I can't trust my instincts.
People with autism are well-known
for being fooled easily
and not being able to lie.
If there were a competition
for getting tricked,
an autistic person would easily win.
Why is that?
Hmm, is it because people with autism
are innocent by nature?
Hmm…
It's more like
people live in a world
that's made up of me and you,
but people with autism are used to living
in a world that's made up of only me.
People can think differently
from how I do.
Or trick me with different intentions.
I understand this in my head,
but I keep forgetting.
I always have to make a conscious effort
so I don't get tricked by lies.
[somber music]
These stories are helpful.
They're helpful?
Yeah.
They help me understand things about you.
Mm.
We're here for the Director of Sales,
Hwang Du-yong?
Oh, yes, it's this way.
-Great. Thank you.
-Sure thing.
Attorney Woo.
How about we practice?
So let's pretend
that I'm Director Hwang Du-yong.
So, you try to ask me a question,
and I'll answer it.
Then you guess if it's true or not true.
[tinkles]
All right, I'll try.
Cham Cham Cham demands the truth.
Cham Cham Cham? Okay.
Lee Jun-ho
likes Attorney Woo Young-woo.
Is this true?
[mellow music]
That is…
too hard of….
Too hard of a question
for Director Hwang Du-yong to answer.
Ah.
Yes.
That's a practice question.
[mellow music continues]
Hello.
-[Min-woo] Are you from Leaders?
-Ah, yeah.
Ah. Thank you so much for coming.
Attorney Kwon. We spoke earlier.
-Oh, nice to meet you.
-Please sit.
So, how did you get my info?
[sighs]
I just asked around
and was finally able
to get a hold of your number.
[man] Mm.
It's a quite a lot of effort
to get any of your coworkers' information.
So, what's this about then?
Yeah. You remember the Leaders cassette,
don't you?
[man] Uh, yes, yes, I do.
That must be Ihwa's?
Yes. That is theirs, however,
Leaders had developed a similar cassette.
Hmm, more like the same than similar.
It's the exact same cassette.
Leaders cassette used the open-source tech
from the 2019 exhibition in Chicago?
Yes.
[sighs]
I can still remember
we all broke our backs
to be number one in the industry.
Since the Chicago exhibition
was held in April,
we were already trying to manufacture
the product in October of that year.
It was a bad idea
to push that hard, though.
I regret it.
Why?
We overworked ourselves.
We stayed up every night
to keep the factory running,
but we made a mistake
with an important part.
That there was an error
with the bill recognition.
As a result,
the new product that
we all had worked so hard to prepare
was all refunded, and eventually,
the company went under.
So currently, no Leaders products at all
remain in the market, right?
Well, they were all disposed of.
Now, there aren't any more in existence.
[sighs]
For some reason, it makes me sad.
We really worked so hard.
[quirky music]
Director Hwang's office is this way.
Oh, yes. Thank you.
Legs and hands.
Between the eyes. Legs and hands.
-[man] Your guests are here.
-Ah. Oh, great.
[tense music]
Between the eyes,
leg,
and hand…
They're all banged up.
I was in an accident.
Uh… It looks like you're badly injured.
Should you be working like this?
Yeah, I'm good, though.
Attorney Woo and someone from Hanbada
came all this way.
How could I just stay in bed
at the hospital?
Between the eyes, legs, and hand… Uh…
Work must be hard
because of your injuries.
Yeah, but…
Ah, you had some questions
concerning product development?
My work revolves around the sales team,
so, I don't know about that.
I'll take you to the head of development.
This way.
[Du-yong grunts]
[Du-yong] Seong-cheol.
This is Manager Bae
of our Research and Development lab.
He was the driving force
behind development.
-Oh, no, I wouldn't say that.
-[Du-yong chuckles]
This is a Hanbada employee
and an attorney.
Hello, sir.
[Du-yong] They're here to learn
about the development of the new product.
-Well, please have a seat.
-[Jun-ho] Okay.
[Du-yong sighs]
[quirky music]
When did you come up
with the cassette security device?
What? Uh… When…
When did I do it?
Um…
End of 2019? About…
early 2020. Around then.
-Please be more specific.
-I think November.
It was the end of November.
Was there a particular motivation
for this?
"Motivation"?
Yes, well, we are aware
that your team at Ihwa ATM
didn't simply take
the American team's technology,
and that you developed it yourselves.
But there are some who are suspicious.
If what inspired your invention
is more specific,
it has more credibility in court.
It helps for the attorneys
to make an argument.
Uh…
[nervous chuckle]
[Seong-cheol] An inspiration.
An inspiration.
[Du-yong] Seong-cheol.
What's going on here?
You're suddenly shy now?
Come on. You keep on repeating,
"Inspiration. Inspiration."
-Was I?
-[Du-yong laughs]
[Du-yong] Honestly, guys,
he's not usually like this.
Do you know about what Seong-cheol did
prior to working here?
Theater.
He was an actor.
-[Jun-ho] A theater actor?
-[Du-yong] Yes!
Oh, that's so cool.
[chuckles]
A long time ago, though.
It was another life.
Just little parts.
-[men laugh]
-Excuse me, Mr. Bae.
Did you attend the Chicago International
Engineering Fair in 2019?
[sniffles]
[sniffling continues]
Wow, it felt like
you're a prosecutor just now.
It's sounding kind of like
you're interrogating us,
almost like we've become the suspects.
But you're representing us, right, guys?
[phone buzzing]
Oh, Attorney Kwon's calling me.
[Du-yong] I'll take it here
since it's probably about the case.
ATTORNEY KWON MIN-WOO
Salute!
Is this line secure?
Hello, Director. I just spoke
with the former Leaders employee.
The one whose number you shared with me.
Oh, is that so?
Yes, and he confirmed
that the Leaders' products
were all disposed of and refunded.
They can't be located anywhere
in the market.
[Min-woo] So I don't think
you have to worry about it.
No matter how much
Geumgang wants to nitpick,
there's nothing
they'll be able to bring as evidence.
Oh, good. Attorney Kwon for the win!
You're the best, man.
Well, I'll be contacting you again.
-[Du-yong] Sure. Sounds good. Take care.
-[Min-woo] Goodbye, sir. Salute.
Salute!
[Jun-ho] That's good news.
[chuckles]
[Du-yong] Ah, yes, it's all good.
So, um, should we end this interrogation?
Since we heard from Mr. Kwon
that we don't have to worry.
It's great that Geumgang ATM
won't have any evidence to submit.
But we'll still need to prove that
the claim we present is fully accurate.
If Mr. Bae gives a testimony
on the development process himself,
I'm sure it would have a positive effect.
Huh? Uh…
Wait. Uh, you want me to be a witness?
Um, was this idea approved
by all the other attorneys as well?
Yeah, how about
I give Attorney Kwon a call?
This case is an injunction hearing,
so the jargon is a little bit different.
Obligee, instead of plaintiff.
Obligor, instead of defendant.
Reference witness, instead of witness.
And the reference witness…
doesn't actually need to swear in.
In other words,
even if you commit perjury,
you won't be punished for it.
[somber music]
Rubbing your thighs with your hands
makes it seem like you're lying.
Studies have shown
that the jury doesn't appreciate it
when the witness' hands
are hidden under the witness stand.
There are no juries in an injunction case,
but the judge wouldn't trust
a reference witness
who always keeps
their hands hidden, either.
[sniffles]
Most importantly,
don't scratch the tip of your nose.
You'll look like Pinocchio
whose catecholamines were released.
Wow, how about Attorney Woo?
You're getting a professional coaching.
[Du-yong] Seong-cheol,
write this stuff down or something.
Uh…
Since you were an actor,
I expect that you will…
be good in this role.
Ah.
Yeah.
[chuckles]
[Young-woo] We request the questioning
of the reference witness,
Mr. Bae Seong-cheol,
the manager of Research
and Development at Ihwa ATM.
[judge] Yes, I'll allow it.
Reference witness, step forward.
[quirky music]
Obligee's attorney,
you may ask questions first.
Sir.
Introduce yourself.
My name is Bae Seong-cheol.
At Ihwa ATM,
I manage Research and Development.
The key technology of the 2022 model
of automatic teller machines Ihwa made
is the cassette with the security device.
Correct?
Yes.
I did it, with these two hands here.
I'm proud of the work I did.
[Young-woo] When did you first develop it?
The winter of 2019.
It was an unusually cold day in November.
Was there a particular thing
that motivated you
to create the cassette security device?
That winter, there were many
embezzlement cases through rigged ATMs.
I remember our boss
gave us a clear directive.
[Seong-cheol] "Create a new cassette."
"Create an innovative and honest cassette,
a cassette where embezzlement won't work."
And would you explain
the development process?
[mellow music]
It was tireless work
for Ihwa's Development Team.
We never gave up.
I couldn't think of a more
accurate description than that.
Until October 2020, when we applied
for model utility rights for the device.
And even then, we just kept
pushing ourselves every single day.
Are you putting on some kind of play?
Obviously, you took someone else's tech!
Obligor, you will have
an opportunity to talk.
Don't interrupt these proceedings.
I'm going to be straightforward
and ask you.
Were you at the Chicago Engineering Fair
that was held in 2019
in the United States?
[sniffles]
[suspenseful music]
Excuse me?
[sniffling continues]
[Seong-cheol sobbing]
Your Honor.
Witness?
Ihwa ATM…
is a very small company.
There's only five people
in Research and Development, sir.
And they all
put their heads and hearts together
and researched and developed for days.
This really is unbelievable to think that…
that we would stoop so low
as to steal something?
Innovators are all after the same idea
and similar products
are released around the same time.
But no!
Lying about copying someone's technology?
We're not the kind of company to lie
about developing something
ourselves, Your Honor.
Neither Director Hwang, or myself…
We would never do such a thing.
[sobs]
[Jin-jong] Your Honor.
Stealing another company's tech
still takes blood, sweat, and tears
to make it happen.
It's always hard work.
Like I said before,
we're in the middle of questioning, sir.
This isn't questioning, this is a show!
I'm going through every junk shop
in the entire country
to find evidence
that will expose their outrageous lie!
I just need to find one cassette
that Leaders manufactured…
So, have you found it?
Have you found evidence?
-I'm looking all over the country--
-After you find it.
Until then, sit back down, sir.
[U-seong] Sit down.
[judge] Obligee's attorney.
Any further questions?
No, Your Honor.
That is all.
Obligor's attorney, the witness is yours.
Nice work. It's looking good for us.
I appreciate it.
Yeah, I prepped him for it
pretty extensively,
so I'm glad it worked.
[judge] Obligor's attorney,
the witness is yours.
[U-seong] Yes, Your Honor.
[knocking on door]
Did you hear the news?
An injunction was decided.
-[door closes]
-Ah, yes.
I have no idea how they're going
to survive the ban on sales at Geumgang.
Probably broke the camel's back
with this one.
Anyway, thank you so much.
Really, Hanbada attorneys made it happen.
Thanks very much!
Here is a gift from Ihwa ATM.
Please, open.
This painting of a sunflower
will guarantee you wealth.
An endless shower of money will come.
The way a sunflower keeps on growing!
Yes, thank you, sir.
[laughs]
Where should it go?
Ah, here's good.
You don't need this here, right?
You have it memorized.
ATTORNEY'S CODE OF ETHICS
[Du-yong] There.
-[clanks]
-Here.
Ah! That's nice!
Huh?
Take in all this energy,
get rich and prosper!
-Okay.
-[knocks on door]
I'll go now. Excuse me.
Here you go. I've brought your mail.
Okay.
FROM CEO OF GEUMGANG ATM OH JIN-JONG
[slow tense music]
ATTORNEY JUNG MYEONG-SEOK
[knocking on door]
Enter.
Attorney Kwon, did you get the letter?
What about?
FROM CEO OF GEUMGANG ATM OH JIN-JONG
[Min-woo]
"Please read this, Attorney Woo."
Sir, this is a misunderstanding.
It's not what you think. Once everything…
[Jin-jong] Please read this, Attorney Woo.
That's never going to happen.
[Jin-jong] As I repeatedly said before,
that technology was developed
by an American company
and was made public at the exhibition.
Both Geumgang and Ihwa
took it to make products.
-What, you don't believe me?
-Sir, excuse me.
Word of the sales ban injunction
has gotten out and spread too quickly.
And apparently,
the investors are on their way
and about to come barging in.
Sir, how about you go lay low for a while,
all right?
[Jin-jong] Ihwa ATM submitted
for model utility rights
to form a monopoly.
Why are you turning a blind eye
to the truth?
If the ban on production and sales
is prolonged with this injunction,
Geumgang is smaller than Ihwa,
and soon, will be out of business.
[people clamoring]
Excuse me, sir.
Sir, you really should get
out of here right now.
[people clamoring]
[employee] Please, sir.
[man] Open the door!
[clamoring continues]
[employee] Sir!
[Jin-jong] Do you want to be some
big shot attorney who only wins cases?
Or do you want to be an honorable attorney
who reveals the truth?
Hmm…
[paper rustles]
I wonder why I didn't get one.
Was I invisible in court?
Well, if this letter is true,
shouldn't we be doing something about it?
Do what, though?
We dutifully represented our client,
and got them the injunction they wanted.
What more can we do about it?
Please. If this letter is accurate--
Attorney Woo.
When are you going to quit going on
about whether something's true or not?
I thought you visited Ihwa's head office
yourself to figure all that out?
What if we present this letter to people
at Ihwa ATM and persuade them
to apply for revocation of the injunction?
Huh?
And for what reason?
Uh, the implications in this letter
may be the truth.
Is there any evidence of that?
Listen.
If you can't trust the client
we represent,
you really shouldn't have
taken on the case.
Saying we should turn things around
because you're feeling torn
about some letter?
Does that make sense to you?
Wild Card Woo Young-woo strikes again.
How are you always thinking of ways
to wreck things?
[gasps]
Don't call me Wild Card Woo Young-woo!
Do you like it when I call you
Tactician Kwon Min-woo?
You're the tactician.
You are, Attorney Woo.
Me?
You were coaching the witness
for questioning, weren't you?
[Min-woo laughs]
I thought I was watching
an American TV show.
He came to court really prepared.
The responses, questions,
it all came across like you rehearsed.
Be honest with me, Attorney Woo.
Did you believe the witness
was lying to you?
You did, right?
Didn't you help him sound
like he was telling the truth
because you thought he wasn't?
That's the exact definition
of using tactics.
Whether you thought it was true or not,
if you decided to trust him,
stick to it then.
Represent the client. You owe that.
As their attorney, you do.
[Atty. Jung] Yes, uh, yeah, I'm here
for the paperwork I asked for earlier.
-[woman] Okay.
-[Atty. Jung] Thanks.
Hey, Attorney Woo.
I saw you called. What was it about?
Ah…
I had something
I wanted to ask you earlier.
"Something earlier"?
But now, I don't want to.
You don't? Okay.
[chuckles]
[somber music]
[somber music continues]
Well, this is unexpected.
Attorney Woo eating in the cafeteria?
Today's dinner menu is gimbap.
[scoffs]
I'll give you a heads-up
when they're serving it.
I heard you spoke
to Attorney Kwon about it.
-Mm?
-The Tactician Kwon Min-woo.
Ah.
That's because he kept calling me
Wild Card Woo Young-woo.
What? You guys have nicknames
after working one case together?
Wild Card Woo Young-woo
is not my nickname.
Hey, make me one too.
[Young-woo] Hmm…
Like, how about "Babyface Su-yeon"?
How about…
"The Oh, So Beautiful Su-yeon"?
Not that.
-Not that?
-Mm-mm.
Those aren't you.
So, what am I then?
You're like…
Like?
The spring sunshine.
Huh?
I thought so ever since
we were in law school.
You told me where the lecture hall was,
when the test materials changed,
and when class was canceled.
You tried to stop the other students
from making fun of me,
tricking me, or bullying me.
Even now, you open my water bottles for me
and tell me that you'll let me know
when they serve gimbap
at the cafeteria again.
You're a glowing, very kind, warm,
and sweet person.
You're Spring Sunshine Su-yeon.
[mellow music]
[Min-woo sighs]
Attorney Woo.
You know how Geumgang ATM
filed an appeal for the injunction?
Yes.
Now they're requesting
an on-site verification.
The CEO of Geumgang was ranting
about going through junk shops
all over the country to get evidence.
Well, it seems like he got something.
On-site verification?
Yeah. We're meeting tomorrow
at Jungnang-gu bank.
Enjoy your meal.
[Su-yeon] Thanks.
Now, we'll begin,
starting with the verification
of Court Case 1547
based on the procedures of the appeal
filed for the preliminary injunction
against infringement
of intellectual property rights.
[judge] Obligor's attorney.
You applied for the on-site verification.
Could you please show us
the object of verification?
Yes, Your Honor.
This is the automatic teller machine
made by Leaders ATM.
Models of this type have been disposed of,
though this one here got left somehow
in the Mangu-dong branch.
Could you open it
and show us the cassette?
-[keys clink]
-[machine clanks]
[man] This is the cassette.
Your Honor, here's the cassette
Ihwa claims
to have developed on their own.
[U-seong]
Please compare the two cassettes.
The difference between these cassettes
and the old versions
are the number plate on the front,
and the weight measuring sensor
for the bills inside at the bottom.
[beeping]
[U-seong] The two cassettes
don't only look similar on the outside.
Look at the designs of the two companies.
The interior layout is also similar.
Ihwa ATM applied for model utility rights
on October of 2020.
So when did Leaders ATM make this product?
Go ahead and check.
The date is marked on the inside.
[judge]
The delivery date is October 23rd, 2019.
[U-seong] Yes.
This was manufactured an entire year
ahead of Ihwa's ATMs.
Novelty is the most important factor
in application of model utility rights.
Meaning, it cannot be the same
as prior technology.
Also, this is a matter stated
in Article 29 of the Patent Act.
Ihwa ATM
is not qualified to acquire the rights
for this technology.
Therefore, we request to repeal
of the prohibition of production
and vending issued on Geumgang.
[solemn music]
[Du-yong] Thank you, sir.
Take care.
Good job.
The injunction will be likely repealed.
It looks like it, yes.
And the possibility
of the model utility rights
failing the evaluation seems high as well.
[chuckles]
I guess so.
So, you're okay with that?
Of course, I am.
I was able to secure contracts
at the banks
while the ban was in effect.
If it's revoked, everything will be fine.
Ah.
Did you plan for this
from the very beginning?
The stuff you said
about creating the technology…
Well, sir, we're glad that you're happy.
Geumgang is going to win the trial
in the end, it seems,
so, we're concerned.
Ah, yes,
winning this battle doesn't matter.
They lost the war.
Geumgang's CEO likely already knows
that we won all the contracts
at the banks.
[Du-yong] He's just mad,
so he's dragging it out until the end.
This blow should hurt them a lot.
[Du-yong laughs]
Damn.
I wonder if Geumgang would be following
in Leaders' footsteps.
I'm off. Thank you for your topnotch work.
You're very impressive.
You're amazing, really. We appreciate it.
Yes.
[Du-yong laughs]
Until next time, guys.
[somber music]
Attorney Woo?
So, ultimately,
I was assisting Ihwa
in taking advantage of the law.
What?
Applying for the rights,
and filing for the injunction
were all out of lies
to monopolize the contracts.
And instead of stopping them,
I helped them.
[sighs]
And what's worse is…
I think I was already aware of this.
When we visited Ihwa ATM,
did you believe Mr. Hwang and Mr. Bae
were being truthful
about what they told us?
Uh…
-I…
-There's no way you did.
Think about how Mr. Bae
was behaving at the time.
Sitting down, looking like
he was about to bolt out of his chair,
his arms stuck to his body
as if he was strapped to it,
repeatedly rubbing his thighs
with his hands,
even scratching the tip of his nose.
He was clearly lying to us.
Yeah.
In the end,
I denied it. Acting as if I wasn't aware…
when I knew the truth all along.
Just so I could win.
Yeah.
I'm ashamed.
[mellow music]
PLEASE READ THIS, ATTORNEY WOO
WHY ARE YOU DISREGARDING THE TRUTH?
DO YOU WANT TO BE A COMPETENT
ATTORNEY WHO ONLY WINS IN COURT?
OR DO YOU WANT TO BE AN HONORABLE
ATTORNEY WHO REVEALS THE TRUTH?
TAESAN LAW FIRM ATTORNEY TAE SU-MI
[knocking on door]
Yes?
[gasps]
Ah.
[door closes]
Candidate Tae Su-mi,
it's so nice to finally meet you.
I'm Kim Yeong-il from the Office
for Civil Service Discipline.
We spoke on the phone.
Tae Su-mi.
Have a seat.
Congrats on becoming a candidate
for the Minister of Justice.
[chuckles]
It's an arduous process for a nominee.
I feel as if I have such a high mountain
to climb ahead.
You're here to retrieve
the paperwork, yes?
PRELIMINARY QUESTIONNAIRE FOR
HIGH-RANKING PUBLIC OFFICIAL CANDIDATES
As I wrote
the self-verification statement, I…
I got nervous.
[chuckles]
I take great pride in having lived a life
of incomparable virtue.
Someone looking into this
is nerve-wracking.
A former CEO
of the country's greatest law office
has never been one
of our candidates previously.
As this is an irregular selection,
we'll have an extra thorough verification,
prior to writing the report.
Ultimately,
the goal is to safely make it through
the confirmation hearing.
Right. Your help is much appreciated.
[Yeong-il sighs]
There's something I have to ask you.
Be my guest.
During the candidate verification,
we can't ignore a popular opinion.
"Opinion"?
You're referring to my reputation?
[sighs]
Yes.
It seems there's an old rumor going around
among your former university colleagues.
[chuckles]
Really? What is it?
That you, Candidate Tae…
That you had a child out of wedlock.
Are you aware of this?
[solemn music]
[chuckles]
I thought it'd be something else.
Is a trivial piece of gossip
really something to worry about?
[chuckles]
It is trivial gossip, yes.
Though we're all aware
it's the little things
that ruin public officials.
[sighs]
It's absolutely ridiculous.
Why does that kind of thing
keep circulating?
Well,
there could be someone out there
that kind of looks like me.
So I can trust there won't be any…
illegitimate children?
Absolutely.
[chuckles]
[Atty. Jung] We don't want Attorney Choi
getting too emotional about this case,
so calm her down.
-Whoa, whoa.
[Young-woo] Did you run away
so you could raise her
until she was old enough
to remember her mother?
That's right.
-Gye Hyang-sim has to get probation!
-Whoa, that was passionate.
[Myeong-ha] What, are you going to trial
because you don't want to yield?
[Min-woo]
They're such a good-looking match.
Don't you think Jun-ho
has a thing for Attorney Choi?
[Young-woo] If I were a whale,
would my mom not have swum away either?